<style>
	 .footerdetail {
        font-size: 12px;
        font-weight: 600;
        float: left;
		width:100%;
    }
</style>
<p style=" text-align:justify;">
<span class="footerdetail">Platinum Jewellery</span><br />
Platinum Jewellery is among the final expression of love and affection considering its rich beauty and value. The metal Platinum shares a noble of history for being the rarest previous metals on this planet. As per the history, the ancient Egyptians are the one to re-invent this metal in the era of Columbians. Though this metal was present since ages, however, the platinum jewellery is being the recent phenomenon. At eZeelo, you can find some of the best and authentic quality platinum jewellery. 
The store has a wide range of Platinum Jewellery like Ring, Couple Bands, Chains, Pendants, Nosepins & Noserings, Necklaces and Mangalsutra of authentic quality available at affordable cost. Luckily, at eZeelo, you can find a wide range of designs, patterns and styles, which remain unique and innovative, hard to find out at any other store. That has been the specialty of online store, which is promised with ease and at reasonable price. 
At eZeelo, there is no dearth of good collection of Platinum jewellery, which makes this store your one stop online store for all your jewellery shopping. The store also offers a wide range of benefits, which include free shipping, faster delivery, good customer return and replacement policies, etc. Thus, you have all the reasons to shop the platinum jewellery at eZeelo. 
. Historical accounts show that it has been used by ancient Egyptians and was re-invented during the pre-Columbian era. Even though the metal has been around for centuries, platinum as fashion jewellery has only been in use for less than two centuries. Because of this, it is considered as both an ancient and young metal.

The first platinum jewellery in Europe is believed to be presented at the court of Louis XVI of France around 1780. The elegance of platinum jewellery appeals to both men and women with its pure nature and superior quality. The metal is strong and enduring and is ideal for daily use because it hardly fades with prolonged wear. Platinum jewellery generally contains 90-95% pure platinum and resist tarnish. The subtle beauty and elegant statement of platinum help create fashionable jewellery designs. The lustrous metal perfectly complements diamonds and other gemstones and can enhance a stone's brilliance with its neutral colour. This is why most diamond designs are provided with platinum bases for giving a breathtaking radiance to the jewellery.

Platinum bands are admired by bridal couples as an enduring symbol of love because platinum jewellery is considered eternal to symbolise a timeless bond. The jewellery combinations with precious gems fascinate people worldwide due to its alluring appearance. Choose platinum rings, bracelets, pendants, necklaces and such if you wish to add a subtle gleam of elegance to your personality. Flipkart assists you in owning this distinct pleasure by offering platinum jewellery from brands like Diti Jewellery, Facetzinspire, Zevrr and so on. Different designs suitable for daily wear and special occasions are available in various gemstone encrusted designs. Buy online through net banking or choose the cash on delivery option. All transactions are safe and secure to make your shopping experience comfortable. 
</p>